<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>AIRLINKS - About</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="resources/css/about.css"/> <!-- Adjust the path to your CSS file -->
</head>
<body>
    <div class="container">
        <div class="row">
            <!-- left side content -->
            <div class="about-content animated fadeIn">
                <h1 class="animated fadeIn one"> AIRLINKS</h1>
                <div class="about-me">
                    <div class="animated fadeIn two">
                        <p>AIRLINKS is your go-to platform for managing flight bookings with ease and efficiency. Our system is designed to simplify the process of booking flights, allowing users to search for flights, compare prices, and make reservations seamlessly. Since our inception, we have aimed to provide a user-friendly experience with advanced features that enhance the travel booking process.</p>
                        <p>Our platform has evolved to meet the needs of modern travelers, incorporating cutting-edge technology to ensure a smooth and enjoyable booking experience. With AIRLINKS, you can trust that your travel plans are in good hands.</p>
                    </div>
                    <div class="Synopsis-highlightLine five" style="transform: matrix(1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0);"></div>
                    <div class="animated fadeIn three">
                        <p class="Synopsis-highlight">Our services include a comprehensive flight search engine, personalized recommendations, and real-time updates on flight status. We strive to make your travel planning as convenient as possible, offering a range of tools and resources to assist you every step of the way.</p>
                    </div>
                    <div class="Synopsis-highlightLine five" style="transform: matrix(1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0);"></div>
                    <div class="animated fadeIn four">
                        <p>AIRLINKS continues to innovate and adapt to the ever-changing landscape of air travel. Our team is dedicated to providing exceptional service and support to ensure that your travel experience is both enjoyable and hassle-free.</p>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
            <!-- right side content -->
            <div class="about-panel-wrapper">
                <div class="about-panel animated fadeIn">
                    <div class="zero photo-about animated fadeIn" style="transform:translateY(0px) translateZ(0px)">
                        <div class="hide-photo-filter animated fadeIn"></div>
                        
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>
